Cg/dpcv2docupdate (#51)
CMSgov/dpc-static-site: common/docsV2.md

button_url: {{ site.sbx_sign_in }}
side_nav: true
---
## Welcome to the Data at the Point of Care pilot API program!

<div class="ds-c-alert ds-c-alert--warn">
  <div class="ds-c-alert__body">
    <p class="ds-c-alert__text">

> <p><b>The DPC API is operating in Version 2 (v2) in the sandbox environment only as of August 12, 2021 and is consistent with HL7’s FHIR R4.</b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p><b>The DPC API is operating in Version 2 (v2) in the sandbox environment only as of August 12, 2021. This release is consistent with HL7’s FHIR R4.</b>
```
